Quora clone write in Ruby on Rails.

h2. Requirements

Install there software at first

* Linux _(suggest Ubuntu 10.10+)_ or Mac OS X _(Don't try it on Windows, and send error messages to me!)_
* Ruby 1.9.2 _(not support 1.9.1 or 1.8)_
* MongoDB 1.8
* Redis 2.2.2
* Node.js 0.4.5
* Coreseek 4.0.1 _(In English content, you can use Sphinx 1.10)_
* Git 

h2. Installation

h3. Start Redis, Mongodb first, you need 

pre. 
$ redis start or sudo redis start 
$ mongodb or sudo mongodb 

h3. Download Quora source code from Github

pre. 
$ git clone git://github.com/huacnlee/quora.git

h3. Configure Quora

pre. 
$ cd quora
$ bundle install --path vendor/bundle
$ cp config/mongoid.yml.default config/mongoid.yml
$ cp config/setting.yml.default config/setting.yml
$ cp config/redis.yml.default config/redis.yml
$ cp config/zomet.yml.default config/zomet.yml
$ cp config/sphinx.yml.default config/sphinx.yml

h3. Create Sphinx config files and index the database to Sphinx _(Before here, you need install Coreseek first.)_
  
pre. 
$ rake mongoid_sphinx:configure
$ rake mongoid_sphinx:index
$ rake mongoid_sphinx:start

h3. If you have Quora project old data in the Mongodb, you need to run this script to index the old data for search

pre. 
$ rake search:index

h3. After, run Rails Server

pre. 
$ rails s

Then, open your browser, points to http://127.0.0.1:3000
That is it, enjoy yourself.

If you have any Issues or Questions, please send message to "Quora Issues":https://github.com/huacnlee/quora/issues on Github.


